[wind howling]
-[brooding music playing]
-[Saga breathing shakily]
[men whimpering]
[groans]
[Kanjiya] It's not enough.
-It's not enough!
-[man yelps]
[groans]
Kokushu the Manslayer.
I haven't had enough fun yet.
Let's fight to the death.
The war is already over.
[Kanjiya laughs]
But we're samurai. aren't we?
So we fight.
[laughs] It went by so fast.
Those bastards
with their rifles and their cannons.
[groans]
See?
That is all it takes.
[scoffs]
It doesn't even feel like killing.
A neat and clean little weapon.
[sword tearing flesh]
The days of the sword
are coming to an end.
The world doesn't need swordsmen like us.
But that won't change who we truly are.
You and I will always be manslayers.
no matter what.
You killed this one. didn't you?
Not bad at all.
Why don't you show me how you do it?
[grunts. panting]
[grunts]
[grunting]
[dramatic music playing]
[yells]
[breathing heavily]
[chuckles]
Is that enough to get you to fight?
[grunting]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[Kanjiya screams]
[Kanjiya groaning. panting]
[dramatic music fades]
Go on. do it.
Kill me.
If you leave me here alive.
I'll keep following you
to the ends of the earth.
No. It's over.
[brooding music playing]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[shouting] I will see you again!
Saga Kokushu!
[laughing]
[continues laughing]
[doors slam heavily]
[guard] The age of the samurai is over.
You'll be locked in here until you die.
-[door closes]
-[footsteps receding]
[somber music playing]
[prisoners groaning softly]
[Kanjiya groans]
[whispers] I want to fight.
[footsteps approaching]
Look how miserable you are.
Kanjiya Bukotsu.
[somber music fades]
You were gone for ten years.
and then you decided to return
for the Satsuma Rebellion.
You even killed your own allies.
What has your life been like since then?
You're asking me
what my life has been like?
[somber music resumes]
I've been dead
for a while now.
I bear good news.
You'll have one more chance
to walk the path of the samurai.
Huh?
[keys jingling. turning]
HOKOKU NEWSPAPER
PARTICIPANTS WANTED
[footsteps receding]
-[door opens]
-[laughing]
[door closes heavily]
-[squelching]
-[man screams]
[guard 1] Hey! What's going on in here?
[guard 2 groans]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[guard 1 gasping]
-[yelling]
-[screaming]
[dramatic music continues]
[music fades]
[clock ticking]
TO TOSHIYOSHI KAWAJI
WE MUST DISCUSS THE FUTURE OF THE POLICE.
I AWAIT YOU IN TOKYO.
[brooding music playing]
[Kawaji] Lord Okubo!
[door opens]
Lord Okubo. please listen to me.
This rebellion is our chance
to finally destroy the samurai.
We must exterminate them.
or else they will rebel once again.
All I'm asking is for you
to grant us the right to carry guns.
-I won't.
-Why not. sir?
What will you do if one of them tries
to sneak in and assassinate you?
How will we protect you?
Have them forfeit their swords.
-That is all I can allow.
-[Kawaji] Okubo!
[sighs] We shouldn't use too heavy a hand.
It will only lead to new uprisings.
Remember Kyoto
during the shogunate's final days?
Think of how many
of our comrades had fallen back then.
killed by the swords of samurai assassins.
Should they plot to kill us.
we have no way
of defending ourselves against them.
Their speed and power are unstoppable!
We need to be able to bear firearms
for the sake of the future of Japan.
There is no point
in fighting brute force with brute force!
The future of Japan. you say.
Do you know what Japan must have
in order to grow stronger as a nation?
-The people. Kawaji!
-And the people need to be protected!
You'll never win the people with violence!
How can you not understand?
Kawaji.
The days of the samurai are done.
However.
if we cannot be united and live in peace.
our nation will be destroyed.
[inhales sharply]
I will not give in.
As long as I'm breathing.
[door opens]
[door slams]
[brooding music fades]
[exhales]
[wind howling]
THE KODOKU PROJECT
[footsteps approaching]
[man] Lord Kawaji.
Come in.
Sorry to interrupt.
Lord Okubo has sent you a telegram.
[Okubo] To Kawaji Toshiyoshi.
Need to discuss future of police.
Awaiting you in Tokyo.
Come promptly.
[drum beating]
[people laughing. speaking indistinctly]
[vendor] There's something for everyone!
Miss. right this way!
[folk music playing]
[laughs]
[chanting]
Futaba.
Yes?
You can go.
Is that all right?
Sure.
Thank you so much.
Are you sure?
We have two days
before the appointment. and…
these could be our last days together.
Strange to see you
with that look on your face.
What do you mean?
You look like a father
who's worried about his child.
Did having a family make you happy?
Yes.
What's it like having a real family?
[somber music playing]
I was able to live life peacefully.
without killing anybody.
So I would do
whatever it takes to save them.
[Iroha] As for me…
I've only been thinking of one thing.
I should've just died
in the battle for succession.
It'd be better than this life.
Iroha.
Don't say that. I didn't--
Yes. I know.
I know that.
[inhales]
I'm going for a walk.
[somber music fades]
[folk music. chanting continue]
[Sansuke] What do you mean?
What kind of trouble?
Keep talking.
Saga Shujiro and Kinugasa Iroha
are going to die
unless you go and help them out.
Wait. it's not…
Gentosai. is it?
Oh! Well done. That's the right answer.
They're holding a festival
at the shrine just ahead.
-That's where the two of them are.
-[breathing shakily]
-Gentosai as well.
-[tense music playing]
Who are you?
What do you want?
[Kyojin] Hmm…
I'm not even sure anymore. honestly.
You should hurry.
[Shinnosuke] Kyojin.
[panting] Who are they?
What was all that? And who's Gentosai?
Shinnosuke.
In this world. some things are better
left kept in the dark. okay?
But--
[ominous music playing]
Might as well just have some fun. right?
After all. we're stuck in this Kodoku.
[folk music playing]
[chanting]
[man breathing heavily]
[people speaking indistinctly. laughing]
[bell tinkling]
[background noise softens]
[bell continues tinkling]
[exhales]
The eighth successor of the Kyohachi-ryu.
Kinugasa Iroha.
I finally found you.
[dramatic music playing]
[breathing shakily]
Why is he here?
[dramatic music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
All right. let's get started.
Yes. sir!
Here we go!
[crowd gasping. murmuring]
[man whoops]
[woman screams]
[crowd quietens]
[dramatic sting]
[crowd murmuring]
-[ominous music playing]
-[gasps]
[breath trembling]
-[panting]
-[bell tinkling]
[groans]
[Gentosai breathing heavily]
We meet again at last.
Kokushu!
-[dramatic music playing]
-[crowd screaming]
[grunting]
[Kanjiya] It's time
we settled this once and for all!
-[firework bursts]
-Get back! Get back! Get back!
[groans]
[tense music playing]
[panting]
Oh man.
There's no thrill like trying
to kill each other. huh?
You must be a beast
to find pleasure in murder.
Yeah. but you're no different.
And none of it matters.
-What's the point of anything anymore?
-[screaming]
[gasping]
I'll smash every bit
of this meaningless world!
-[Futaba] Stop this!
-[crowd quietens]
[gasps]
[breathing shakily]
What was that. darling?
Why shed the blood
of those who have done nothing?
That's not the samurai way!
Futaba! Stand down!
Then what is the samurai way?
Come on. sweetheart.
-[crowd exclaiming]
-Tell me. what is it?
Don't do it. Bukotsu. Let go of her.
What if I killed her?
I think that you'd fight me then. right?
Don't. Stop this.
Don't do it!
[laughing]
[breathing shakily]
[bell tinkling]
[floorboards creaking]
-[fireworks bursting]
-[gasping]
[suspenseful music playing]
[breathing heavily]
[bell tinkles]
[suspenseful music intensifies]
Oh.
-[squelching]
-[whimpers]
[dramatic music playing]
[groaning]
[bell tinkling]
[breathing heavily]
[screaming]
-[crowd clamoring]
-[fireworks bursting]
[Kanjiya yells]
[grunts]
[laughing]
Out of the way! Move!
[whimpering]
[grunting]
[groans. panting]
[dramatic music fades]
[Saga] You can't win
with your arm like that.
Just give up.
You're telling me to give up now?
We ended up like this
all because we gave up. didn't we?
How did you feel
when they took your sword away?
Have you been happy with your life?
-Yes. I truly have.
-[Kanjiya] Then why are you here?
[brooding music playing]
I'll tell you why.
Because in the end.
you're only worth something
if you can kill.
[Kanjiya chuckles]
You can't even save a single person
without killing.
The age of the samurai is over?
I say to hell with that.
And even if it is.
we will just rebuild it once again!
[grunting]
[crowd exclaiming]
[yells]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[crowd screaming]
[Kanjiya grunts]
[panting]
[dramatic music fades]
[bell tinkling]
[Gentosai breathing heavily]
[tinkling stops]
[breathing shakily]
[eerie music playing]
Hmm.
[eerie music ends abruptly]
[grunting]
[tense music playing]
[Gentosai breathing heavily]
[Gentosai] I found you.
[Iroha grunts]
[tense music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
[people screaming]
-[dramatic music playing]
-[grunting]
[groaning]
[Kanjiya] Out of the way!
[woman screaming]
[Saga] Run!
[grunting]
[yelling]
[dramatic music fades]
[Gentosai breathing heavily]
[grunting]
[dramatic music resumes]
[dramatic music fades]
[panting]
[groans]
[tense music playing]
That was an impressive strike.
[Gentosai grunts]
But this is the end for you.
Do you have any last words?
[breathing heavily]
If that was your best.
you'll never stand a chance
against my brothers.
Oh really?
Don't worry. Your siblings will be next.
[music intensifies]
[Shikura grunting]
[dramatic music playing]
[growls]
[Gentosai breathing heavily]
The fourth successor of the Kyohachi-ryu.
Adashino Shikura.
[exhales]
[grunting]
[Gentosai gasps]
[grunts]
[groans]
[panting] I can't believe he dodged that.
[breathing shakily]
The third successor.
Gion Sansuke.
[grunting]
[Sansuke panting]
-[Shikura yells]
-[grunting]
[yells. groans]
-Wretched monster!
-[breathing heavily]
[grunting]
Sansuke.
Move as one.
[Sansuke] Right.
[grunting]
[groans]
[Shikura] He's too strong.
[breathing heavily]
You run!
-[suspenseful music playing]
-[breathing shakily]
[Sansuke] Iroha! Let's move!
[panting]
[grunting]
[Shikura groans]
[Gentosai groans]
[suspenseful music fades]
[inhales sharply]
[growls]
-[breathing heavily]
-[ominous music playing]
[screaming]
[shouting] Move!
[dramatic music playing]
[grunting]
[yells]
[groaning]
[crowd clamoring]
-[panting]
-[dramatic music fades]
[tense music playing]
[yelling]
[grunting]
[dramatic music playing]
[yells]
-[sword tearing flesh]
-[grunting]
[panting]
[yelling]
[grunting]
[panting]
-[speaking indistinctly]
-[gasping]
-[yelling]
-[grunting]
[yelling]
-[dramatic music ends]
-[crowd gasping]
[man] Move! Get back!
-[breathing shakily]
-[man] Get back! Move!
Get away! Come on!
-[crowd screaming. clamoring]
-[woman] Move! It's not safe!
[gasps]
[tense music playing]
[groaning]
[panting]
[tense music fades]
-[grunts]
-[metallic ringing]
[groaning]
[water splashes]
Kokushu the Manslayer… [breathing shakily]
At long last…
I finally found happiness.
[Kanjiya wheezing]
[breathing heavily]
[panting] Shujiro!
[Saga coughs]
Shujiro! Shujiro!
[somber music playing]
[Saga coughs]
[somber music fades]
[birds chirping]
[mechanical clicking]
The first participant to reach Chiryu was…
227. Kamuykocha.
[groaning]
Good! Yes. yes. very good!
He didn't come all the way
from Ezo for nothing.
We've received another report
that Kanjiya Bukotsu was just killed.
-What? No!
-He was killed by 108. Saga Shujiro.
-Oh!
-Well. such is the Manslayer we know.
[man 1] We've lost the Savage Slasher.
What a shame!
[man 2 groans]
Another ghost of the past has died.
nothing new.
However. I'd say
that's still cause for celebration.
[chuckles] I agree.
-Of course.
-[chuckles]
Lord Kawaji. I think you should get going.
[ominous music playing]
Certain duties require my attention.
So for now. I'll have
to leave you all to it. I'm afraid.
Naturally. You're a busy man. of course.
Sir.
so it's finally time.
I'm sure you'll be very entertained
as the Kodoku keeps unfolding.
[door opens]
[ominous music continues]
I've sent a telegram
informing them where to meet.
Glad to hear it.
Keep those wealthy fools
busy with their pleasures.
As you command. sir.
-[coachman clicks tongue]
-[horse neighs]
[clock ticking]
[knocking]
Come in.
[ominous music fades]
If I may.
It seems Lord Kawaji is back.
He's just returned from his journey.
I'll pay him a visit.
Get the carriage ready.
Sir.
Shinpei hasn't been in touch yet. has he?
No. sir.
We've checked at his home as well.
but he doesn't appear to be back.
Should we have the police look for him?
No. We'll search for him ourselves.
Inform the Home Ministry staff.
[man] Yes. sir.
-[exhales]
-[door closes]
[carriage approaching]
[horse neighs]
[ominous music playing]
[horse neighing]
-[coachman] What are you--
-[sword slashing]
[coachman groaning]
[horse running away]
I know it's been awhile. Lord Okubo.
Hanjiro. you're alive.
I thought you were dead.
Unfortunately.
Lord Kawaji will not be heading this way.
What are you saying?
[Sakura] He sent me instead.
And he asked me to deliver a message.
"Farewell."
-[groaning]
-[somber music playing]
-[sword tearing flesh]
-[blood gushing]
[coughing]
[gasping]
[somber music continues]
[Maejima panting]
What is this?
What exactly is going on here?
[music fades]
[indistinct chatter]
OKAZAKI-JUKU
[Futaba] Shujiro.
Do you think Iroha is doing okay?
Knowing her.
I've no doubt she's all right.
[bell ringing]
[vendor] Extra! Extra!
-Extra! Extra!
-What? What is it?
Oh. give me one too.
Extra!
-[man 1] One over here. please.
-Excuse me. Can I have one too?
[vendor] Extra! Extra!
-[vendor] This is most urgent news!
-[Futaba] Oh no. Wait.
HOME MINISTER TOSHIMICHI OKUBO
ASSASSINATED
Lord Okubo was killed?
Who would do something like that?
This is no coincidence.
What?
The Kodoku is related to this.
[footsteps approaching]
Are you Mr. Saga?
Yes. why?
I have a message from Lord Maejima.
"Returning to Tokyo. Urgent matter.
Make for the capital at once."
That is all.
I understand.
[messenger] If you'll excuse me.
[footsteps receding]
Futaba.
We need to make it to Tokyo quickly.
[dramatic music playing]
All right.
[man 2] Make way! Carriage coming through!
[crowd gasping. exclaiming]
[dramatic music intensifies]
[dramatic music fades]
[insects chirping]
[moans]
-Oh.
-[exhales]
Don't strain yourself.
The wound will reopen.
Thank you.
-Hey. you two.
-[Sansuke] Hm?
I had a dream last night.
I saw us all living together as a family.
Sansuke and I were arguing.
like we always did.
Shikura was strong as always.
We all used to smile a lot back then.
[chuckles softly] Sure.
We certainly did.
Had we all fought each other
for the succession.
I would not have survived.
If Shujiro hadn't decided to run away…
[brooding music playing]
…I certainly wouldn't be alive right now.
But unless we're able to defeat Gentosai.
we will never manage to move forward.
Once we're all together.
we can finally take him down.
You know it too.
We cannot defeat him
unless we're together.
[Sansuke] You're right.
And we'll do it.
[Shikura] Yes.
So now. we gather our brothers.
[indistinct chatter]
[brooding music continues]
[sighs]
[dramatic music playing]
-[man 1] Oh!
-Attacked in Shimizudani. [laughs]
I can't believe he actually did it!
Kawaji's a man of action. truly.
Wouldn't you agree?
Now we can focus on the Kodoku in peace!
Indeed.
There are plenty
of remarkable contestants left to watch.
The weak ones are gone.
From here. only the strong remain.
-[men exclaiming. laughing]
-[man 2] Well. well.
CHIRYU. OKAZAKI. HAMAMATSU. SHIMADA
Now. gentlemen.
We guarantee this Kodoku
will keep you entertained.
-Hear. hear.
-[man 1] Hey! Wait for me!
-[man 2] Go! Quick!
[groaning]
-[man 1] Let's play some more.
-[groaning]
[man 1 grunts]
Well. lucky me.
No one was around.
so I didn't get enough tags earlier.
[groans]
[man 1 grunts]
Good. That's enough for now.
Oh. Do you want to fight. sir?
[exhales sharply]
It's fun!
Come on. Why not?
[dramatic music continues]
[Kamuykocha praying in Ainu]
[bell tinkling]
Well. well. so you couldn't get it done.
[chuckles]
Even with the tip I gave you. huh?
[gasps]
Fight to the death.
until the last one standing.
[yelling]
[dramatic music intensifies]
LAST SAMURAI STANDING
THE END OF THE FIRST CHAPTER
[brooding music playing]
[dramatic music playing]
[music fades]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm